README.md, before:

# default
Basic site skeleton. Worry about doing it.

`yarn` `gulp` `pug` `sass` `postcss` `browsersync`

## Installation
Install [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/).

```
[sudo] /usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
```

Install [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/). This also installs [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/).

```
[sudo] brew install yarn
```

Run `install` with yarn.

```
[sudo] yarn install
```

## Usage
Run `start` with yarn.

```
[sudo] yarn start
```

Access URLs:
+ Local site: [localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000/)
+ Browsersync options: [localhost:8001](http://localhost:8001/).
+ You can use your local network for external access. Check your terminal for URLs.

## Technology
+ [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
+ [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
+ [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
+ [Gulp](https://gulpjs.com/)
+ [Browsersync](https://browsersync.io/)
+ [Pug](https://pugjs.org/)
+ [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/)
+ [PostCSS](http://postcss.org/)
+ [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer/)
+ [Eric Meyer CSS Reset](https://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/)

## Author
Pedro Ivo Hudson — @podrivo

+ [podrivo.com](http://podrivo.com/)
+ [github.com/podrivo](http://github.com/podrivo/)
+ [twitter.com/podrivo](http://twitter.com/podrivo/)

Commit message:

basic usage for css file/folder

README.md, after:

# default
Basic site skeleton. Worry about doing it.

`yarn` `gulp` `pug` `sass` `postcss` `browsersync`

## Installation
Install [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/).

```
[sudo] /usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
```

Install [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/). This also installs [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/).

```
[sudo] brew install yarn
```

Run `install` with yarn.

```
[sudo] yarn install
```

## Usage
Run `start` with yarn.

```
[sudo] yarn start
```

+ You can use write CSS in `.css, .scss, .sass`.
+ There's a global css file, `/css/global.scss` and a components folder `/css/components`.

Access URLs:
+ Local site: [localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000/)
+ Browsersync options: [localhost:8001](http://localhost:8001/).
+ You can use your local network for external access. Check your terminal for URLs.

## Technology
+ [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
+ [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
+ [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
+ [Gulp](https://gulpjs.com/)
+ [Browsersync](https://browsersync.io/)
+ [Pug](https://pugjs.org/)
+ [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/)
+ [PostCSS](http://postcss.org/)
+ [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer/)
+ [Eric Meyer CSS Reset](https://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/)

## Author
Pedro Ivo Hudson — @podrivo

+ [podrivo.com](http://podrivo.com/)
+ [github.com/podrivo](http://github.com/podrivo/)
+ [twitter.com/podrivo](http://twitter.com/podrivo/)
